Good morning, family. How are you
all
doing today? I have some things on
my heart. I found this prophetic
word from Kent Christmas
and a dream from Dana
Coverstone. The Lord has really put
Pastor Dana Coverstone on my heart—specifically some
of the things He has shown him in
these dreams. I've
been going back through
some of the past dreams
from
basically three or four years ago.
I really
believe he heard the Lord on
many
of
those;
some can be prayed away,
and some can't. The videos
I'm going to show you are very
important because they go alongside what
the Lord showed me about the plague
that's coming and the economic collapse.
Before this year is out, the death
angel is being loosed upon the Earth.
What they concocted and created in
laboratories called Coronavirus will
pale in comparison, saith the Lord, to
the spirit that the death angel will
loose upon the nations. It will not
touch My people. For the first virus,
the enemy brought
it
against the innocent and the old, but
this, saith God, will not touch the
church. Some will fall on your right hand,
as I declared in Psalm 91, and
they will fall on your left hand, but
it shall not come nigh unto thy dwelling.
What you just saw was him saying
a thousand shall fall at your
side and ten thousand at your right hand.
If you remember what I said,
it goes alongside what the Lord
showed me about
a glow of honey around the
believers. We would go
in and lay hands on people
in
cots. I saw cots full of bodies
and people
dying of this virus; it was very
tragic.
I've told
everyone
about what the Lord showed me, so I
won't
go over it
all again.
I'm just
showing
you that there are prophetic voices hearing that
another
plague and pestilence are coming.
The Lord was also talking to me about
getting in shape. I've been
lifting weights, trying to
bulk up and take care of my body more.
It's been a challenge
balancing
eating with
working out,
but
I'm
learning a lot on YouTube.
My family were not
people who worked out,
so this is all
new. This
is Bonnie Jones,
Bob Jones's widow. I
believe she hears the Lord, and
she got a
prophetic visitation
about a week ago. This is a fresh
video where the Lord
gave
her a very stern prophetic
warning.
She
heard, 'Beware the dragon,'followed by 'biological warfare.'She associated the dragon
with
China.
Biological warfare
is
the deliberate
use of disease-causing agents
like
bacteria or toxins
to kill or
incapacitate
as an act of war. I believe
China is cooking up another virus
that will be more deadly.
Remember when I told you I
saw the dragon?
In my
World War II video, I said the dragon was
hiding
behind a black rock,
waiting for a new season.
The dragon represented
the
COVID.
I was shown in the spirit that they were
taking a biological
agent
in a lab
to release on the people,
starting
in Europe. I warned
about that
in
a
video called 'The Dream That I
Had.'Back
in April, the Lord told me
He was sending another plague and that cataclysmic things would happen. He said a line
of demarcation
has been drawn.
Calamity is
coming because of disobedience
to His word. Famine
is
imminent—not
just
of
food,
but
of
the
Word.
There has been a chokehold
in America,
and now
He
is
going to release it.
I'm not 100% sure what He
means by
a famine
of food,
but
catastrophes
like
earthquakes,
floods, and fires
will
affect our food chain.
In
a
vision,
I saw
John Deere tractors
sitting
idle
with
no
crops
planted
from the West Coast to the East Coast. There was
an
extreme
drought. The Lord said
three
times, 'There's no water.'I saw the
Lubbock
area, Texas, and through Mexico
where
it was
extremely
dry.
We need to
be wise, not fearful.
We cannot stop judgment,
but we can lessen
it through
prayer.
Jesus
told
me face-to-face that
this major shaking
will take place for a humbling and an awakening. We will be a
sheep nation because
of
the
prayers of our founding
fathers.
I've seen
bridges
and earthquakes preventing trucks from
crossing,
and I've
seen
gas shortages.
Pastor Dana
also
had
a
dream
about
an
'Economic
Desert.'He
was
at
the
bottom
of an ocean,
2,000
feet
below sea
level. He saw a billboard that said 'Economic Desert.'He saw life acting normal, then suddenly changing. Cars were parked, trash was
everywhere,
and
people
were
carrying
brown paper
grocery bags.
Eventually,
they
had
no
bags, and ATMs
were
empty.
At
a checkout line,
the
scanner wasn't working, and
a
man
with
an
empty
wallet
began to cry.
I'm
encouraging you
to build the
kingdom of God
and ask
Him
what you need to
do.
Have some cash
and
resources set aside.
It doesn't have to be a
lot, but we are headed for
hard times. I believe
in miracles,
but
Christians
will
face
hard things.
It's not
an
easy-peasy
life.
Dana
also
had
a
dream
about
Wall Street
and
bartering. He saw people trading chickens
and tools. One man traded
shotgun shells
for
chickens;
a
lady
traded hammers for
screws. Someone
traded
a
Rolex
for
horses.
There were no vehicles,
only
bikes
and
skateboards.
In
the
dream,
tables
were bowing under the weight of
goods
like
unwashed
eggs
and
rusty
hand
tools. I saw
wooden
awls
and
hand
drills,
but no power tools.
The man with the shotgun shells
was barefoot
and
used
his shirt as
a
bag.
A
man
representing
Jesus
was there
and
said, 'You
are not as prepared as you need to
be. Hearken to My word. Embrace, don't
barter with My word, as you will come up
short.'This
situation
might
last longer
than you think.
I
saw
four oak
trees
representing
four years.
People were not ready for the
first year,
and by
the end,
they were
bartering for ammo.
If
you
live
in a major
city,
think about what it would
be like if you didn't have bread
for
your children.
Pastor Dana is
an elderly
man,
probably
in his late 50s.
I
feel
an
urgency
to
warn you.
I've seen great darkness over 2025,
but
also
a financial
outpouring for the body of Christ
to provide.
Mega-churches
may
close
and
move
to
home churches. Ask the Lord what you need for your house. Maybe it's Ramen noodles or a week's worth
of food. Even FEMA says to have three days of water. Don't operate out of fear, but
be
alert.
Every
time
I
look
for
the
prayers
of
the
saints
to
change
the
direction.
In 2015,
the
Lord gave more time,
but
this time He says it will manifest.
I
hope this video
brings
your attention to these things.
It's smart to have candles and
a
source of heat
for
the
winter.
Jesus is coming
back.
Father,
I
thank
You
for
everyone
here.
You
always
provided for
me, even if it was
just
a piece of
bologna.
We command fear to bow its knee.
You
are
El
Elyon,
the
Most
High,
and
Jehovah
Jireh.
We believe for a hundredfold return and supernatural multiplication. We
speak
to
the
seeds
and
the harvest.
We believe
for
acceleration,
signs,
and
wonders.
Peace
be
with
you.
Shalom.